
Job Title:  	Software Engineer
Reports to:  	Head, Content Delivery Platform
Division:  	UK-CTO
Base location:  	Brick Lane, London
Overview – Department and the perks
Sky is Europe's leading entertainment company and serves over 22 million customers across five countries. Our business in the UK and Ireland has come a long way since starting out as a satellite broadcaster in 1989 and we’re not stopping there. We’re home to award-winning teams for everything from Customer Service to Marketing, from Technology to Finance, meaning there’s plenty of opportunity for you, no matter what your career goals.

The perks 
As a valued employee of Sky, you’ll benefit from a free Sky Q premium package (one off payment required for installation), an excellent pension scheme, private health care and a share save scheme. There’s a range of other benefits to help you make valuable tax and national insurance savings too.
Job Purpose/Key Responsibilities 
As our Software Engineer in the Content Delivery Platform team, you will be central to a greenfield project - developing Sky's ability to deliver video products in new territories and augmenting the Platform across current markets in the UK, ROI, Spain, Italy, Germany and Austria. 

The role with drive:

-	Building on existing open-source codebases to achieve best-in-class OTT delivery performance and efficiencies by combining with high-performance hardware and orchestration deployed across multiple CSPs & networks.

-	Enable performance-informed decision making in components that support a resilient, efficient, international Content Delivery Platform, directing subscribers to content.  

-	Build on the continued success of delivering video services over existing TCP & HTTP/1.1 protocols while investigating lowering latency and increasing throughout with UDP transports.

Candidate Specification 

our Skills:

The role requires ability to design software from the ground up, identifying actors & entities within the project and delivering production-quality code.
-	Demonstrate experience of writing for scale in distributed environments.

-	Worked with a team practicing DevOps and/or site reliability engineering, is an advantage.

-	Proficiency with writing software in Python or Go.

-	Have production experience developing with C or C++.

-	Used to working in a Unix/Linux environment and automating with shell scripts.

-	Modern software development best-practice is your preferred mode of working, eg. use of Git for version control, continuous integration and unit testing, automated by Jenkins/Travis

Flexible working statement

Happy to talk flexible working

Diversity statement 
It’s our people that make Sky Europe’s leading entertainment company. That’s why we work hard to be an inclusive employer, so everyone at Sky can be their best.
Criminal Record Check

If you are successful in your application for this role, your appointment will be subject to receiving a positive outcome from your Criminal Record Check.





	Essential	Desirable

Qualifications
	
BSc degree in Computer Science or a related field and/or 5 years of relevant industry experience


	
MSc or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science or a related field and 3 years of relevant industry experience




Specialist Knowledge
	
TCP/IP

Designing horizontally scalable software

Socket programming

Concurrency, multithreading & coroutines


	
Active in Open Source communities/projects
SQL and NoSQL datastores
HTTP1.1/2

Industry Experience
	
5 years experience, central to software design & development 

	




Technical Skills
	
Go
Python
C
C++
Shell Scripting Jenkins(groovy)

	




